Caramel Divine

INGREDIENTS:
	Chocolate Fudge Brownie
	250g dark chocolate 70%25
	170g butter
	165g caster sugar
	3 eggs
	330g (1½ cups) plain flour
	1 ½ cups chopped walnuts, toasted

BUTTERSCOTCH PUDDING:
	3 egg yolks
	55g (¼ cup) dark brown sugar, packed
	1½ tbs cornflour
	pinch salt
	250ml milk
	20g unsalted butter
	1 tsp vanilla extract
	
SALTED CARAMEL:
	110g caster sugar
	40ml water
	125ml thickened cream
	20g unsalted butter
	½ tsp salt
	
CARAMEL POPCORN:
	60g butter, chopped
	75g (1/3 cup) caster sugar
	1/3 cup chopped pecans, toasted
	1½ cups popped popcorn
	
METHOD:
1. To make brownie, grease a 30cm x 20cm cake pan. Line with baking paper.
2. Stir chocolate and butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat until smooth and combined. Remove from heat. Stir in sugar. Stir in eggs one at a time. Stir in flour and walnuts. Pour into prepared pan.
3. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until set. Cool. Cut into rounds the size of your serving glasses.
4. To make butterscotch pudding, whisk egg yolks and sugar until thick and pale. Whisk in corn flour and salt until smooth.
5. Heat milk in a heavy-based saucepan over medium heat, without boiling, until hot. Gradually whisk hot milk into yolk mixture. Return mixture to same pan. Bring to the boil, stirring, over medium-high heat, reduce heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Whisk in butter and extract. Strain into a bowl. Cover surface with baking paper and cool. Refrigerate.
6. To make salted caramel stir sugar and water in a medium heavy based saucepan over medium heat, without boiling, until sugar dissolves. Use a wet pastry brush to brush any stray grains on side of pan back down into mixture. Bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, without stirring, until mixture turns a rich golden brown. Remove from heat. Stir in a third of the cream – mixture will bubble. Return to heat and stir until combined and caramel is smooth. Stir in butter and salt. Cool to room temperature.
7. To make caramel popcorn, place popcorn in a single layer on a tray lined with baking paper.
8. Stir butter and sugar in a saucepan over medium heat until melted and smooth. Bring mixture to the boil. Boil, uncovered, without stirring, for 4 to 6 minutes or until light golden. Remove from heat. Stir in pecans.
9. Pour mixture over popcorn and stir until popcorn is coated. Allow to set.
10. To assemble dessert, divide a little of the salted caramel among serving glasses, top with brownie round, butterscotch pudding and popcorn. Drizzle serving plate with remaining salted caramel and dot with popcorn.